Document AOT analysis warnings (#30967)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/deploying/native-aot/warnings/il3051.md

---
title: "IL3051: 'RequiresDynamicCodeAttribute' attribute must be consistently applied on virtual and interface methods"

> description: "All interface implementations and method overrides must have annotations matching the interface or overridden virtual method 'RequiresDynamicCodeAttribute' annotations"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Learn about warning IL3051: All interface implementations and method overrides must have annotations that match the interface or overridden virtual method 'RequiresDynamicCodeAttribute' annotations"
```

ms.date: 09/01/2022
ms.topic: reference
ms.author: michals
author: MichalStrehovsky
f1_keywords:
  - "IL3051"
---
# IL3051: 'RequiresDynamicCodeAttribute' attribute must be consistently applied on virtual and interface methods

## Cause

> There is a mismatch in the <xref:System.Diagnostics.CodeAnalysis.RequiresDynamicCodeAttribute>
> annotations between an interface and its implementation or a virtual method and its
> override.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There is a mismatch in the <xref:System.Diagnostics.CodeAnalysis.RequiresDynamicCodeAttribute> annotations between an interface and its implementation or a virtual method and its override.
```
